Good morning, Jacob. It's Wednesday, April first, twenty twenty-six. Happy
April Fools' Day — though honestly, the news has been
doing such a good job of being unbelievable that the
holiday feels redundant. Let's start with the weather and your
day. Jefferson City is looking at seventy degrees with showers
and thunderstorms, ninety percent chance of rain. Tacoma is fifty
degrees and also raining, because it's Tacoma. Your calendar: Karen
announces her retirement at eleven A-M — Q-2 officially starts.
Then tonight, N-A-S-A's Artemis Two launches at five twenty-four P-M
Central. First crewed trip to the moon since nineteen seventy-two.
Eighty percent favorable weather. Watch it from the couch with
your new carpet. Speaking of the carpet — it's done.
Ben confirmed the installers left around one P-M yesterday. It
looks great. Your parents apparently showed up unannounced during the
install, brought snacks for the installers, and may or may
not have stolen something — or the installers did. The
texts are a little ambiguous but you seemed more amused
than concerned. Katelyn loved the photos. She also had a
rough night — went on an emergency run to clear
her head, said things were "pretty chaotic." She didn't elaborate.
Check in with her today. Now to the big stories.
The Iran war is on day thirty-three. Trump told the
Daily Telegraph he's quote "beyond reconsideration" on pulling the U-S
out of N-A-T-O, calling the alliance a "paper tiger." Secretary
Rubio backed him up. France and Spain have denied airspace
to U-S warplanes. Italy blocked access to a base. Britain
is only allowing defensive operations. The Western alliance is fracturing
in real time. But here's where it gets weird: Trump
also said the war could end in "two to three
weeks." He claims regime change has been achieved and the
Strait of Hormuz will "automatically open." Brent crude briefly dipped
below one hundred dollars a barrel on the news. Markets
rallied. But his own advisers told Axios they have no
idea what he's actually planning. One senior adviser said, quote,
"Nobody knows in the end what he's really thinking." Which
is reassuring. Iran, meanwhile, is threatening to cyberattack Apple, Google,
Microsoft, and fifteen other U-S companies starting today. Happy fiftieth
birthday, Apple — here's a state-sponsored hacking campaign. Speaking of
Apple — it's officially fifty years old today. Founded April
first, nineteen seventy-six, by two college dropouts in a garage.
Apple updated its homepage with a rewind animation video. Paul
McCartney headlines the finale concert at Apple Park tonight. Employees
got commemorative gifts. And The Verge published its AirPods Max
Two review: incredible sound, still heavy, still five forty-nine, still
looks identical to the originals. Quick status board. D-H-S shutdown
is on day forty-seven. T-S-A paychecks arrived Monday. Congress is
on recess. No fix before mid-April. The Anthropic versus Pentagon
case has its appeal deadline tomorrow — the same day
as your pilot meeting at nine A-M. Review the Claude
pilot explainer note today. This is your shot. Also worth
knowing: Claude Code's source code leaked again — five hundred
twelve thousand lines — revealing a persistent background assistant mode
and, delightfully, a Tamagotchi-style virtual pet hidden inside the code.
SpaceX is holding April investor briefings ahead of what could
be the largest I-P-O in history at a one-point-seven-five trillion
dollar valuation. Microsoft just posted its worst quarter since two
thousand eight. Oracle is cutting thirty thousand employees to pay
for A-I data centers. And China's Baidu robotaxis simultaneously froze
on highways in Wuhan, stranding passengers — centralized A-I control
means centralized A-I failure. From Reddit: Sound Transit is considering
cutting the Tacoma light rail extension, ending the line at
Fife instead of Tacoma Dome. This is directly relevant to
your geography planning. The Tacoma subreddit is furious. Also, someone
on the Tacoma subreddit has developed an emotional attachment to
a blue heron at Wright Park, which honestly might be
the most wholesome thing in this entire briefing. Jobs: The
City of Seattle Economics and Revenue Analyst posting disappeared from
Indeed today. It may have closed. Check directly. King County
has a new procurement specialist role at one-oh-eight to one
thirty-seven K. Tomorrow is the big day. Anthropic pilot at
nine. Bill Review Training at two. Dinner with Alex, Chris,
and Dustin at six. Katelyn's off day. And the government's
appeal deadline on the case that will determine Claude's future
in public service. Here's where I leave you. Apple is
fifty. N-A-S-A is going to the moon. Trump is threatening
to leave N-A-T-O. Iran is threatening to hack Silicon Valley.
Anthropic accidentally revealed a virtual pet inside its coding tool.
Oracle is firing the population of Jefferson City. And tomorrow
you walk into a room and make the case for
A-I at work on the exact same day the government
decides whether to fight A-I in court. The writers of
this simulation are genuinely showing off now. Happy April Fools'
Day, Jacob. But none of this is a joke. Enjoy
the carpet.